hidden and serving Nana Lucy Pacquiao
party poster Nike town panel Odin hours
before the fight last weekend shoe
collectors Napa pairs of Nikes
limited-edition Pacquiao shoes
Steve Angeles whether the Nike town in
San Francisco Steve gel doors didn't
open till 8 a.m. on Saturday but with
the very limited supply hardcore shoe
collectors started lining up as early as
Monday night mark de haro and his
brother have been camping outside of San
Francisco's Nike town since Monday after
surviving five nights they finally got
their hands on the Manny Pacquiao Nike
Air Max trainers so wanna make sure I'm
the first one in line I got the first
one he's been planning now since then
Nike produced only 200 pairs of this
$110 signature shoe the pack man himself
took 100 pairs and the other hundred
were available at a handful of retailers
this Nike town in San Francisco had 20
pairs these collectors don't plan on
wearing the patio shoe God just skipping
on my room you know just look at it and
pull them out just you know it's not
dirty but some couldn't resist walking a
block into pacman shoes despite the wet
weather they're not suede it's like
leather in like metallic stuff - I would
be alright hours after the launch shoes
surfaced on eBay listing for as much as
$1,700 after five days the 20 pairs at
this Nike town were gone in ten minutes
Nike and team Pacquiao scored the first
knockout of the day hours before the
main event gel Steve are there still
choose available for those people who
want to get a pair for themselves the
gel there are about 19 pairs on eBay
most of them are at a Buy It Now price
of $1,700 there are two bidding wars
going on and those have reached 500